See also

   o	To Do below

   o	The separate README file.
   
Known BUGS

   o	There is a warning message about ambiguous slot choice in the integer 
	coercion of the connection con. (This is a bug in DBI packages.)

Changes in TSdbi version 2011.7-1

   o	modified several methods signatures to expect a TSdbi connection and not attempt
   	(and fail) with a raw DBI connection.

Changes in TSdbi version 2011.6-1

   o	modified vintage support to use separate tables rather than just an
   	additional field (for performance reasons).

Changes in TSdbi version 2011.4-1

   o	fixed bug in vintageAlias with multiple versions.

Changes in TSdbi version 2011.3-1

   o	added support for TSrepresentation.

Changes in TSdbi version 2010.11-2

   o	Removing trivial dependence on periods() to avoid complications in
   	sorting out complicting usuage.

Changes in TSdbi version 2010.10-1

   o	added generic dropTStable to work around problem that different database
   	engines handle capitalization in table names differently.


Changes in TSdbi version 2010.7-1

   o	Improved error message about query when a series is not found.


Changes in TSdbi version 2010.5-1

   o	Removed ... argument from standardSQL functions as these do not use the
	argument, are not generics (and are not even exported).

   o	Added arguments vintage and panel to TSdates() and TSexists() because of
	bug caused by passing these in ... .

   o	Fixed passing default con from generic to some methods.

   o	Improved error message for Meta lookup failure with panels and vintages.

   o	Improved error message in the case where con is not specified and the
	default has not been set.

   o	Modified vintage aliases to work for each series rather than globally. 
	(So "current" might refer to different vintages for different series.)

   o	Modified indication of whether a database supports vintages and panels
	to use vintageAlias and panelAlias tables, since these are more
	fundamental than vintages and panels tables (which are only used for
	documentation of the vintages and panels).


Changes in TSdbi version 2010.3-1

   o	Fixed TSget to return matrix of series if panel of vintage is a vector.

Changes in TSdbi version 2010.2-1

   o	Fixed TSdates and test for existence of series with was using length()
   	rather than nrow on the returned query, and failed in some cases 
	with SQLite.  (Thanks to Felix Wittmann.)


Changes in TSdbi version 2009.11-1

   o	Removed namespace export of "show", which seemed to be the cause of the
   	warning messages about "replacing previous import: show" when other
	packages require TSdbi.


Changes in TSdbi version 2009.5-2

   o	Added optional names argument to TSquery, to give series names to 
	returned series. 

   o	TSquery was extended to allow generating daily series. 


Changes in TSdbi version 2009.5-1

   o	Added class conType which is inherited by connections for specific
	drivers, so that some methods (in progress) can abstract from the 
	specific driver. 


Changes in TSdbi version 2009.1-1

   o	Added checks in several TS* packages to verify if a service is 
	available on the testing host (e.g. CRAN). 

   o	Minor documentation fixes found by new R-devel parsing. 

   o	Aliases for panels and vintages should now resolve properly (they did 
	not, other than "current").


Changes in TSdbi version 2008.11-1

   o	A mechanism has been added for (optionally) allowing different vintages 
	and panels of the data series. (e.g. series with the same identifier 
	but a different release date or country).

   o	More database plugins have been added  (PostgreSQL, ODBC, Fame). 

   o	A mechanism to support multilingual documentation as been added (but not
	yet well tested).
 
   o	The is support to specify what time series representation should be 
	returned.

   o	Vignettes have been expanded.

   o	The class representation of some objects was cleaned up and improved.

   o	renamed class TSdbOptions to TSdb and change TS*Connection classes to
	include it in their representation rather than with contains.

   o	changed fields refPeriod to refperiod in tables to avoid capitalization 
	issues among SQL version. Changed TSrefPeriod to TSrefperiod to avoid 
	confusion.

   o	changed tables Panels to panels and Vintages to vintages, to avoid
	confusion, but tables do not seem to suffer from the capitalization issue.  

   o	changed "double" to "double precision" and DATETIME to TIMESTAMP in 
	inst/TSsql/CreateTables.TSsql as these work in other SQL versions 
	as well as MySQL.


Changes in TSdbi version 2008.8-1

   o	adjusted TSquery to use standard sql extract(YEAR rather than mysql YEAR(.

   o	fixed bug in TSquery for case of a query returning only one period. 


Changes in TSdbi version 2008.5-1

   o	Work around for bug in R 2.7.0 

   o	Added TSquery (even though it is not logically part of this package). 

   o	Misc. clean up of beta. 

   o	vintages is working but not carefully tested. Panels may be working, but
	not at all tested.


Changes in TSdbi version 2007.10-1

   o	This is a beta version.

   o	This is a beta version.

To Do

   o	a mechanism for handling aliases for series names.

   o	rollback meta when data put fails

   o	mechanism for signaling series updates to users

   o	extend to series constructed from different SQL field formats.
